docs: add EU-1 region (#7231)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/legal/service-description/cloud-service-description.md

- **Global**: All available cloud regions offered by our cloud provider
- **Switzerland**: Exclusively on Swiss region

> - **US-1**: Exclusively on US-1 (Iowa) region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **US-1**: Exclusively hosted on regions in the United States
```

> - **EU-1**: Exclusively on EU-1 (Germany) region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **EU-1**: Exclusively hosted on regions in the European Union
```
